---
title: This is it!
author: Matt
layout: post
categories:
  - Betfair
  - Orange
tags:
  - Betfair
  - job
  - Orange
---
After 4 years with Orange, I am moving to a new company!

Since my masters project in June 2006 on TCP-UDP interactions in IP networks, I have covered quite a lot of ground. Going through IMS platforms and heavy SIP testing, full blown javascript Mobile Web OS running on Symbian and a myriad of prototypes using web technologies with PHP, Ruby on Rails, prototype, jQuery and a lot of other fancy things that I call &#8220;job search keywords&#8221;; I have become the web developer that I am today.

I have had the chance to be in projects that have made it all the way to being products, like My Social Life and [snapshot][1], and although most of the stuff I&#8217;ve done did not get through the stringent French filter on what is good and what is useless (according to their ideas), I can&#8217;t complain too much for I had a nice ride! (Quite comfy as well!)

There have been quite a few nice people around me that taught me a few things, [Simon][2] and [Thomas][3] in particular, and other like [Calum][4] and [Ivan][5] hat have always made me want to push myself to show them who&#8217;s the daddy! (Not sure this last one has been successful, but the battle shall continue as I&#8217;ll join him!)

To all of these people, named and not named (sorry I can&#8217;t name you all, but you are not fogotten), I want to send a big thank you! (And I blame Simon for getting me into triathlon. Thanks man! You need to come for a ride some day!)

So, I am going to join the front end development team at Betfair in a weeks time and I can&#8217;t wait to start! I know that sounds strange, but hey, who with reasonable ambition does not like a good challenge?!

So Ivan, warm up that coffee machine, I&#8217;m coming!

 [1]: http://snapshot.orange.co.uk
 [2]: http://twitter.com/simonski
 [3]: http://twitter.com/hairballopolis
 [4]: http://calum.org/
 [5]: http://twitter.com/detronizator